Add devcontainer configuration (#72)
DataDog/fluent-plugin-datadog: README.md

`curl -u <USERNAME> https://rubygems.org/api/v1/api_key.yaml > ~/.gem/credentials`, it will ask for your password.

## Development Environment

> This repository includes the files to run it in a devcontainer in VS Code. To use it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository includes the files to run it in a dev container in VS Code. To use it:
```

> 1. Install VS Code and Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install VS Code and Docker.
```
